

M1HW1 (Movie Talk) - due 6/3

For this assignment, pick a movie you enjoy (or just a movie you can easily 
find information about)

Your program will use cout and variables to briefly talk about this movie. 
If you look at "Apple Orchard" and remove the part where it calculates the 
total price of all the apples, that's a pretty similar program in terms of 
how it operates, even though it's about apples instead of movies.

You should name and create the following variables:

    something to hold the name of the movie
    something to hold the year that it came out
    something to hold the box office gross or some other monetary figure 
	about the movie (using a decimal point)

For example: The movie "Titanic" came out in 1997, and had a worldwide gross 
of around 2.18 billion dollars.

Your program should then use cout along with these variables to give a brief 
summary of info about the movie.

Finally, you should use cout to print a few lines that are quotes from the 
movie, your favorite scene, or just a bit of information that you found 
interesting. This should be 4-5 lines of text in total, and it should include 
one or more quotes.

This file should be submitted as the source code, along with a screenshot of 
the program running, with files named in the usual format (which is in this 
case M1HW1_Lastname.*)

Additional Notes

What if you want to use the quotation symbol when writing out movie quotes?

We have seen that the quotation symbol is reserved for starting and ending 
strings

cout << "Like this" << endl

But it's possible to actually use the quote mark itself within a string. 
It's done by typing \" (backslash, quote) which escapes the quote symbol 
so that it no longer has a special meaning in that one case.

cout << "John said, \"Like this.\" and waved."

Sources for Movie Info

This one time, you get a pass if you want to use Wikipedia. (Wikipedia isn't 
the best place to get 100% accurate technical information, but for movies, 
it should be fine.) IMDB is another option. 
